

GARY B. GENETT


Seattle, WA • 206-391-6606 • me@garybgenett.net •
www.linkedin.com/in/gary-b-genett

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[DATE]

[NAME]
[TITLE]
[COMPANY]
[ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE ZIP]

Dear [NAME]: || Dear Director of Human Resources:

In my search for a new challenge where I can leverage my extensive product and
project management experience, I was pleased to find [COMPANY]’s opening for a
[POSITION]. Eager to learn more about this exciting opportunity, I have enclosed
my resume for your review.

Throughout my career, I have established a reputation as a transformational
leader who is driven by challenge, undeterred by obstacles, and committed to
exceeding expectations. My expertise encompasses all aspects of the product
management lifecycle, from ideation and scope definition through to the final
delivery, according to stakeholder requirements. My ability to build
cross-functional consensus to promote transparency and influence positive change
has been repeatedly proven. Furthermore, I possess advanced expertise in
GNU/Linux, cloud architecture, and automation. My track record of success has
been reinforced by establishing top-performing staff teams and encouraging
professional growth at all levels. Through sound decision making and leadership,
I have aided past employers, including Alaska Airlines, Enviro-Master, and F5
Networks in achieving short- and long-range goals. If given the opportunity, I
will work tirelessly to deliver similar results for [COMPANY].

Over the course of my professional history, I have achieved the following career
highlights:

-   As a part of a $40M integration program, pioneered a centralized
    documentation management system and ongoing maintenance processes aimed at
    helping Alaska Airlines become the first airline to succeed in pulling off
    FCC certification of full M&E system alignment post-merger with Virgin
    America.
    -   STRENGTHENED CONTROLS AND OVERALL QUALITY OF OUTCOMES BY CREATING AND
        IMPLEMENTING BEST PRACTICES TO ENSURE SMOOTH TRANSITION TO CLOUD-BASED
        DEVOPS MODEL AT ALASKA AIRLINES AS PART OF A $40M INTEGRATION PROGRAM TO
        BECOME THE FIRST AIRLINE TO SUCCEED IN PULLING OFF FCC CERTIFICATION OF
        FULL M&E SYSTEM ALIGNMENT POST-MERGER WITH VIRGIN AMERICA.
-   Built an integral new cloud/orchestration team at F5 Networks, establishing
    and bringing to market a new vision for automation, integrating all existing
    technologies into a unified suite across 5 disparate teams with different
    knowledge domains, technology areas and development models.
-   Drove the successful milestone release of 5 innovative technologies and deep
    product rewrite at F5 Networks.
    -   STEERED THE INTERNAL HOMEGROWN HEURISTICS TOOL TO PRE-ANALYZE CUSTOMER
        DIAGNOSTIC FILES FOR THE F5 NETWORKS SUPPORT TEAM THROUGH INITIAL STAGES
        TO CUSTOMER-FACING PRODUCT.
    -   PIONEERED DETAILED INTEGRATION GUIDE AND TRAINING TO AID 3RD PARTY
        DEVELOPMENT FOR MICROSOFT AS A F5 NETWORKS TECHNOLOGY LEADER.
    -   INITIATED AND DIRECTED 2 SUCCESSFUL PRODUCTION DEPLOYMENTS OF
        REVOLUTIONARY F5 NETWORKS CHASSIS ARCHITECTURE FOR XBOX LIVE.

In me, [COMPANY] will gain a diligent, goal-oriented professional with the
agility, dedication, and focus required to successfully fill the role of
[POSITION]. As such, I would welcome the opportunity to meet in person and
discuss this opening in detail.

Thank you for your consideration. I look forward to hearing from you!

Sincerely,

Gary B. Genett

Enclosed: Resume
